br: update docs (#3506)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-tool.md

- It is recommended that you deploy BR on the PD node.
- It is recommended that you mount a high-performance SSD to BR nodes and all TiKV nodes. A 10-gigabit network card is recommended. Otherwise, bandwidth is likely to be the performance bottleneck during the backup and restore process.

> **Note:**
>

> > If you don't mount a network disk or use other shared storage, the BR backup data will be generated on each TiKV node. Because BR only backs up the leader replica, the space reserved for each node needs to be estimated based on the leader size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you do not mount a network disk or use other shared storage, the data backed up by BR will be generated on each TiKV node. Because BR only backs up leader replicas, you should estimate the space reserved for each node based on the leader size.
```

> > Meanwhile, because TiDB v4.0 uses leader count for balancing by default, there will be a problem of large differences in leader size, resulting in uneven backup data for each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Meanwhile, because TiDB v4.0 uses leader count for load balancing by default, leaders are greatly different in size, resulting in uneven distribution of backup data on each node.
```

> > Meanwhile, because TiDB v4.0 uses leader count for load balancing by default, leaders are greatly different in size, resulting in uneven distribution of backup data on each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> Meanwhile, because TiDB v4.0 uses leader count for load balancing by default, leaders are greatly different in size, resulting in uneven distribution of backup data on each node.
```

> ## Using method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use BR
```

> ### Download Binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download binary files
```

> ### Download binary files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use binary files
```

Refer to the [download page](/download-ecosystem-tools.md#br-backup-and-restore) for more information.

> ### Using SQL statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use SQL statements
```

> Refer to [BACKUP](/sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md#backup) and [RESTORE](/sql-statements/sql-statement-restore.md#restore) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [`BACKUP` syntax](/sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md#backup) and [`RESTORE` syntax](/sql-statements/sql-statement-restore.md#restore) for more information.
```
